hi today I'm going to be doing an
unboxing video for the apple wireless
keyboard so here it is in its new shiny
packaging just show you the box first
and this is the front of the box with a
side view of the keyboard and the top
says wireless keyboard on the back and
another side view of the keyboard on
this side here just some information and
the requirements and on the side Apple
logos okay so I'm just going to cut into
this plastic for rap-up see we can get
that up ok let's open the box just flips
open like so there we go spend that one
wireless keyboard ok so I similar what's
in the box so we've got that one is q
bola very small very thin very nice
aluminium finish and white keys stop
touch what else have we got in here we
have apple wireless keyboard instruction
manual and warranty details bluetooth
certification
there are the documents that are in the
box and little white pouch see what's
inside here just some batteries free
double-a batteries okay so that's
everything that's in the box that's one
side let's have a look at the keyboard
itself okay so it's got a nice wrapper
on there smells nice in here just take
the plastic wrapper off very small very
small compared to the standard wired
keyboard that I got with my iMac and so
that's what the keyboard looks like it's
just sort of in a cylinder shape at the
top there where the batteries go on the
back it's a very shiny white plastic
gloss finish with a apple logo and there
are some rubber strips just on the back
there for gripping onto your desk and
just some rubber feet as well on there
so we notice Lee put it on your desk
it's nice and sturdy doesn't slip all
over the place or damage your desk so
let's have a look there's a little
plastic seal just on there so basically
just use a penny for this and just
turned it anti-clockwise and then let's
see if
just drops out okay so that's the whole
few batteries and that's the little
stainless steel cap goes over the top so
let's get our batteries going takes free
double-a batteries and there isn't
really any instruction s exactly which
way these going so I don't there we go
there is there's a small you can see
that small diagram there showing you all
the batteries going the same way so they
just drop in like so put a stainless
steel cap back up you can just twist
that with the film and then if we just
put the penny in and just turn it on
turn it clockwise sorry and that just
clicks in and on the right-hand side of
the cylinder shape there's a power
button there so if we just click that
and let the light comes on just doing
the cake that the keyboards switched on
and also your caps lock key it's not
working just yet just while it connects
there we go I'm just just to compare it
to my existing wired keyboard that I
have for my imac I'll just bring that in
now in terms of size comparison this is
the standard wired keyboard with number
pad and this is the wireless keyboard so
just put to one side of it there you can
probably see that all this here is
missing so you've got a nice little neat
wireless keyboard very handy for if you
are connecting your
Mac Mini to your television you want to
sit on the cell phone use your keyboard
and it connects by bluetooth or if you
just want to use it with your macbook or
macbook pro very versatile very handy
maneuver it round it wherever you want
and very impressive yet very nice very
good quality nice weight to it as well
just generally good a general good Apple
finish so there we go the apple wireless
keyboard